Oh
in a land of tradition and honor one
kung fu master let's get started has
trained five of the greatest warriors
the world has ever known
but this masters biggest challenge has
just arrived stairs yeah Jack Black go
ahead panda show us what you can do um
are they gonna watch or should I just
wait until I get back to work or
something just hit it get ready to feel
the Thunder no matter what crazy feet
what you gonna do about crazy feet I'm a
blur I'm a blur you never seen bear
style would you hit it how's that
everybody was calm are you ready I was
born ready
Oh can I punch the walls can I do it
Quadra flip focus focus that flabby
panic is not the warrior you just need
to believe oh that was awesome let's go
get this June when you focus on kungfu
you suck the way to get through to you
is with this have a dumpling
[Music]
Wow
DreamWorks Kung Fu Panda who have done
well panda done well I've done awesome
yes you have done awesome
[Music]